
# StarWars

## About the Project

I've just realized my brother have already deployed this on netlify after forking the repository and deploying. The url link doesn't seem to be noticeable at first glace since it was tucked away at the top right hand corner.

Guess we have 2 sites up :) :thumbsup:  

[StarWars text-based game] [**Click Here!**](https://6263c83fcbf6840a05aff6d1--subtle-salamander-4ff3e0.netlify.app/sw)   
[Repository] [https://github.com/thraddash/sw](https://github.com/thraddash/sw)

## Readme.txt
back in 2001, the internet was a wild wild west of people clamoring to get on this information superhighway and for many, this meant creating your own web page. geocities was all the fad back then... and with a sense of community, you got to carve out a little corner of the world just for yourself. here in this repo, is the recovered archives of the first website my brother and i have ever created. (hosted in geocities)

having scoured the way back machine to no avail, i had, for the longest time, thought that this effort had been lost in the sands of time but through sheer determination, my brother went through stacks of old CDs and eventually happened on a curiously named `sw.zip` file which is now unzipped and uploaded to this repo for posterity.

aside from the nostalgia, the writing is a snapshot of our childhood, replete with contemporary references of games, movies, and memes of the day. it is meant to be "played" like a choose-your-own-adventure book and it's pretty extensive considering how new we were to computers at the time.

## List of Games/Movies/Memes References
* StarWars (movie)
* Space Quest IV (1991 PC game)
* Chef Boyardee! (Memes)
* Can't believe its butter (Memes)
* MUD (Multi User Dungeon - text-based game) [Isengard] (http://isengard.nazgul.com) [Mordor] (https://MordorMud.net)
* Conan the Cimmerian (1991 Pc game)
* Dumb and Dumber (1994 movie)
* Little Red Ridding Hood (children book)
* Wizzard of Oz (1939 movie)
* Terminator (1984 movie)

## Oher key factors
Many are text-based game that required alot of solving and having 3 other siblings makes it a breeze.
* Lesuire Suit Larry 3 (1989 pc game)
* FutureWars (1989 pc game)
* Another world (1991 pc game)
* Mean Streets (1989 pc game)
* Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (1989 pc game)
* Quest for glory 3 (1992 pc game)
* The Black Cauldron (1986 pc game)

## Multi-Player games
* Tankwars (1992 pc game)
* Jones in the fastlane (1991 pc game)
* ABC Wide World of SPorts Boxing (1991 pc game)
* Rampart (1990 pc game)
* Doom (1993 pc game)
* Armor Alley (1991 pc game)
